= SimpleShell

A very simple, yet safe and sturdy wrapper around your shell.

gives you stdout

  shell = SimpleShell.new()
  res = shell.ls
  res.out
  => a_file
  b_file
  c_file

gives you stderr

  res = shell.ls("/path/not/exists")
  res.err
  => "ls: cannot access /path/not/exists: No such file or directory"

gives you exit value

  res.S?
  => #<Process::Status: pid 20743 exit 2>
  shell.S?
  => #<Process::Status: pid 20743 exit 2>

gives you stdin

  res = shell.sendmail("you@yourdomain.com") do |pipe|
    pipe.puts message
  end

is tied to it's location

  shell = SimpleShell.new("/tmp")
  shell.ls
  => # ... contents of tmp
  shell.chdir "/home"
  Errno::ENOENT:
  Dir.chdir("/home")
  shell.ls
  => # ... still, contents of tmp

provides you with a sub shell for location shifts

  commands = shell.in("/home") do |sub|
    sub.ls
    sub.mkdir("joe")
  end
  commands.count
  => 2
  commands.last.S?
  => #<Process::Status: pid 20760 exit 1>

lets you specify the environment

  shell = SimpleShell.new(Dir.pwd, { 'MY_ENV' => 'my env' })
  shell.echo '${MY_ENV}'
  => 'my env'

== Contributing to SimpleShell

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Hartog C. de Mik. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

